Jessica Bailey-Pierre: How are you
Robert Hammond: Good.
Robert Hammond: Good, good.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What you been up to since we last spoke
Robert Hammond: Nothing. Just working
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You know,
Robert Hammond: I kind of stopped talking to that one chick, that's all good. You
Are bad
Robert Hammond: That one she don't know it seemed like all she wanted to do is talk like she never wanted to meet or nothing.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay.
Robert Hammond: So over the phone, right.
Robert Hammond: So I was getting kind of tired of that I was like I never going to see the person
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, well, is it possible because of everything went out with my team that maybe that's why
Robert Hammond: No, she she just like avoiding old things so
Robert Hammond: I think she just did her way of intention.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Where did you meet her.
Robert Hammond: Online.
Robert Hammond: But I did start
Robert Hammond: So,
Robert Hammond: I didn't start talking to somebody new
Robert Hammond: So I'm supposed to be actually going to see them today.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: In this relationship.
Robert Hammond: Much the same thing is
Robert Hammond: Just something that's really to give me, you know, same as I putting in
Robert Hammond: So far, this one that I've been talking to she's been doing pretty good. With that, I guess, mutual mutual respect there. Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So what will you be, what would you do different in this relationship in previous relationship.
Robert Hammond: To boundaries right away.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah.
Robert Hammond: So,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Last time we talked. I know, over the course, some of the boundaries you thinking about implementing
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Our, you know, just like the standard principles.
Because
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: It was control issues. It was some violence so
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You're having your, your side in this relationship will be the way that she would communicate
Robert Hammond: The boundaries that you're wanting in this relationship.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What would that look like
Robert Hammond: That I'm not too sure because I've been trying to work them into trying to figure out how to do it myself.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So one. I just want to start off by saying that, um, I appreciate just the growth that I've, I've witnessed with you coming to your appointments, you started off not talking much
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And now you you're open you talk more. You show up for your sessions. I don't even send reminders. You just, you just show up. So I appreciate that. So,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I think the development and the progress that you're making will also help you to want that same within whoever you're dating.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Because as you continue to evolve and develop into someone that's more responsible that has a strong work ethic.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That people can trust those sound like attributes. I wanted someone that I'm dating as well someone that's responsible as someone that I can trust so perhaps you know that something that you can start off with know in relationships, some of the things that I feel is key is someone that
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Is responsible and someone I can trust. And then maybe give that person examples about what a responsible person looks like for you and what a trustworthy person looks like.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Do you think that will be starting off when would you, what would you think you'll have the right to bring up this conversation.
Robert Hammond: I think that that would be something I do need somebody I could dress. No.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Depend on. Yeah.
Well,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Because, can I share my feedback with you about the previous relationship.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Sure she held you back.
Robert Hammond: Right.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I'm actively using in front of you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The violence.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I mean that that session we told me that she ran over you with a car and thinking, wow, how, how, how does a relationship get to this point.
Robert Hammond: Right.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And as soon as you know, I started noticing your growth, little by little bit. Soon as you started recognizing it. That's when that relationship. And so the key in going into the relationship is identifying what you're worth and what your values are
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I think that's the fundamental elements and being able to build respectful boundaries and I'm healthy communication skills and a relationship and making that foundation from the beginning so that it's very clear what you will tolerate and what you won't tolerate
Robert Hammond: Right. I agree.
Robert Hammond: I mean actually noticing that much. Oh.
Robert Hammond: I know like the better. I feel about myself, like the more I start drawing other people that are like
Robert Hammond: Categories and
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What have you noticed I shared some of the things I've noticed with your progress. Have you noticed about yourself.
Robert Hammond: I just been more sort of more being able to tell people know
Robert Hammond: I can help of whatever
Robert Hammond: He's like, I've been able to
Robert Hammond: Avoid debt other relationships, like you said she was much easier way back. She's been trying to get
Robert Hammond: it all to me so I can try to picture truck.
Robert Hammond: But like right off the bat, I already know it's going to be the same crap so I don't even bother doing it. Yeah.
Robert Hammond: Whereas before I be overdoing
It.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: We kind of just walking into the relationship of whatever happens, then you would assess and now you come into it, you know, assessing first looking out for
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Some of those things that might be red flags, like you said, with the other person, you know, she just wants to talk, but she never wants to see me.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: This is a red flag. You know, it's just about attention for her. Okay, let me move on. So that was good. You know, you're already assessing some of those things that are important to you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And you've always shared when you talk about relationships that connection and feeling support it was important for you. So because you already know going in as a value for you when you're with this person that she wasn't even
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Physically available to see you. You know, you were able to establish from there. But this won't work because I'm not going to get the connection support. Now I'm looking for this person can he can meet face to face interaction.
Robert Hammond: Right.
Robert Hammond: Yeah, I also noticed on that other one though.
Robert Hammond: Cuz I almost did get drawn into it but I kind of hesitated, and waited. Just to see going to be
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And like right off the bat.
Robert Hammond: Start going off about missing somebody else and all these other things. And I was like, if we're not doing it together, then why does it even matter.
Robert Hammond: And you should already started my dad and she's already got
Robert Hammond: Jealous issues she thinks that we are so I didn't want to leave it on
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Good for you. There will be other people that wouldn't be as honorable and we'll just
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Leave her on
Robert Hammond: Right.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Are there any other relationships, that's right for you, other than romantic relationships.
Robert Hammond: Talk to some other brands do everybody's friends. So you're there.
Robert Hammond: So,
Robert Hammond: He's been, I've been doing better. I work
Robert Hammond: A lot of word of mouth spread so
Robert Hammond: Get a lot more business.
Robert Hammond: That's pretty good.
Robert Hammond: To go to a job today, but I had to postpone it, let's go fix this little kid's bike.
Robert Hammond: So you got some new tires or whatever that light up.
Robert Hammond: So he asked me about
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What's the, what's the connection to the child. How do you know him.
To have
Robert Hammond: His grandmother, the one that I've been doing all
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Oh, yes. Yeah.
Robert Hammond: So it's her grandson.
Robert Hammond: They showed up and I was checking out his bike and he told me that he has flat tires. So we know they're gonna fix this tires were
Robert Hammond: And then respond vitamin D package, take all the sites and all that stuff.
Robert Hammond: So he was asking me, but he go help him out.
Robert Hammond: And he was all excited because he just got he was helping with the rocks and landscaping and all that.
Robert Hammond: So his grandmother, are you able to pay me.
Robert Hammond: Which I told me to do, baby. But I mean,
Robert Hammond: There's just because he had been he was already to go for it.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Wow. How old is he
Robert Hammond: What is he about 11
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay, sounds like he's already developing on what it looks like to be responsible and
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Room. I'm clearly he's witness. His family valuing your work and what you do. And so he's honoring that
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Sounds like a good family that you're connected with, um, besides work. Do you guys have like a friendship or establishment.
Robert Hammond: Oh there. Yeah, someone, like I said, right.
Robert Hammond: at Easter over there and all that.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So, yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: How's it been going for you in the medication and all that. What's that experience been like for you.
Robert Hammond: With the medication.
Yeah.
Robert Hammond: We went down another
Robert Hammond: Quarter of a strip
Robert Hammond: So,
Robert Hammond: And I try not to know when I take it.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: From my streets where I can't
Robert Hammond: I don't know which one I get
Robert Hammond: That way they'll try to keep my mind off.
Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So,
Robert Hammond: I don't know which one you know, besides the less less amount
Then
Robert Hammond: It works, but
Robert Hammond: It's been a little bit
Robert Hammond: No, I'm not to say it's like my body gets like Kimberly and weird after
Robert Hammond: Someone's like I could feel like some, some of the withdrawal, but
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah around what time of the day. Do you notice it. Is there a pattern.
Robert Hammond: Know, you'd be like I said it was but now that I'm taking it like without, without knowing which one stupid. Is it like
Watch rates.
Robert Hammond: But I noticed I don't usually get up in the mornings.
Robert Hammond: So it's usually in the afternoon and evening.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Like medication may be wearing off.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Right.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: About sleeping. Does it impact your sleeping at all.
Robert Hammond: No, I feel asleep. Oh, good.
Robert Hammond: Just a little bit too much.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So I'm looking at your, your band score.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: It says that you want to help identify your triggers to prevent relapse.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Your doses lower you feel your cravings have been going up. So you want to monitor it so that doesn't cause a serious problem. So I'm
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What I'm right, reading it almost seems that you know you want to identify your triggers because there's a little concerned.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That with the tapering getting lower. You don't want them to be a slip. Is that accurate when I read. Okay, so what we have been doing in our work is just think about people, places and things. And what do you think
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Those domains. My whole a target for you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So there's certain individuals that are associated to your addiction or that give you feelings of guilt or shame that might make you want to use again. Are there any strong emotions attached that are parallel between when you last in the past and what emotion you are currently experiencing.
Robert Hammond: What I've noticed is a
Robert Hammond: Graduate group.
Robert Hammond: Or
Robert Hammond: Even like a big process right now.
Robert Hammond: Like I get like really nervous, I guess.
Robert Hammond: And this is when I started lighting up and I'll smoke.
Robert Hammond: So even if I haven't smoked all day like light up no matter what, like right then.
Robert Hammond: You're
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Doing so well and the individual. So is it still the same amount of intensity of anxiety as when we first met, is it the same hasn't lowered or has it increased
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Increased
Robert Hammond: Yeah, but look at get more and more anxious like
Robert Hammond: I got a bad anxious when it's like more
Robert Hammond: Like a good engineer.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What's the difference between a good anxious versus back into
Robert Hammond: The bed. He is when I'm like worried about something.
Imaginary
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Right.
Robert Hammond: It's, it's not like I'm worried. It's just like
Robert Hammond: Oh no, not
Robert Hammond: Really worried you like something else.
Robert Hammond: Like I said, it's like more exciting.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Oh, OK. OK. So would that be more of a better distinction of it that it's more anticipation than a variety
Robert Hammond: Right.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Because like I said, when people have diagnosis of like depression and anxiety any emotion that feels uncomfortable. They tend to just totally into that that descriptor.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You know, it's a rough day they I'm actually I felt the press and sometimes it really wasn't that maybe they were hungry. Maybe they were irritated.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And because they don't really know the poor of the emotion or feeling that it's it's almost impossible to adequately address
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What the underlying thing is that creates that so having anticipation is actually good. You know, um, it creates like
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: an expectation of curiosity of, Hey, I wonder what's going to happen. So, um, that's something good and if you
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Think of it in that aspect that not getting anxious about this, but I'm more anticipating what are we going to talk about in group or
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You know what we talked about in this individual session that looks a lot different than come into group.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And actually being anxious because I think the doctor is going to want to put me down another bills and I'm not ready. You see the difference between those things. Those are two different emotions.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And even as I shared those two different descriptions. My body responded in a different way.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: When I made that statement about Dr. Mike taper me and I'm not ready for that my heartbeat, a little quicker versus anticipation of
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I'm curious. I wonder what we're going to talk about in this session was a little more chill. So I'm to help with the triggers. Robert, I would encourage you that whenever you have that fight that you're anxious to really challenge if this thing's it or if it's any other emotional
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And and the relevance to that, based on what you said you wanted in your band survey is that I'm having a better understanding of what your emotions are then helps you to know how to respond to
That
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I'm alive when you told me you had that anxiety of that panic attack and you have actually what to do because you experienced it before so you know how to calm yourself down.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But from what you share with me anxiety. Puts you in an element of don't know what to do. So I'll just smoke to calm myself down
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But what if, you know, instead of thinking this is inside you were able to really pinpoint that okay what I'm experiencing really isn't anxiety. Maybe I'm excited.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Maybe I'm worried
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Maybe I'm embarrassed.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Ashamed
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: To say hi furnace, you know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Is it a certain time of the day that group happens or individual sessions happen that maybe has nothing to do about what's happening, but it's the timing of the day for you notice you kind of act a little different.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So these are just different elements to assess with things i and this will also help you to realize okay
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The things I is a trigger for me to want to use again.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Then I'll need to really properly identify when anxiety is presented itself. And what I'm going to do about it.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But what you do when you have that panic attack about everything else.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What did you understand about what I just said.
Robert Hammond: Yeah, I just, I noticed something today that that happened with one of my friend Jackie bug.
Robert Hammond: You just offer BE A FUCKING COOKIE AND
Robert Hammond: And the response I gave him when I I told you as your I'll take one he's oh yeah of course they'll take one or something like set with unit was weird because I was like, I kept on thinking about it. Like why would you say that like corn and I like that.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah.
Robert Hammond: You know, after I
Robert Hammond: Did yesterday, I was like, just because you know, back in the day I was still there.
Robert Hammond: So,
Robert Hammond: It was a it was like, I hurt my feelings. I was all dripping on it.
Robert Hammond: Normally I wouldn't even care.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah yeah
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: To as you continue to go through this journey of long term sobriety. You're addicted brain will try to present itself and kind of remind you of all the reasons by using the past, whether it be guilt, shame, or why it's isolate yourself from other people.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And so some of the irrational beliefs that we have that allows us to experience that feeling of guilt, shame or isolation is jumping to conclusions. Right. So who knows if he said
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: She'll take that cookie because he knows a good cookie, you know, or he knows around this time of day, everybody wants to snack, we know, is everybody has a sweet tooth. So, of course,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What it had nothing to do with what your weight was in the path.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Right.
Robert Hammond: I know that's what I do is I didn't even know me like doing so.
Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah. But you see how our brain. If we don't catch the fights. It will just run on reckless
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: It's like a toddler in a grocery store. All right next to the candy and be a total know if it doesn't get team is going to do it every one.
Robert Hammond: Right.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So by you sitting there and thinking, Why am I doing affiliate about this this comment back in your brain.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The extra time to really process it and compartmentalize this like it was that really a threatening comment was that really is to comment. Okay, let's take the high road and process this up here in the rational brain. And so that's what you did.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: There brain automatically wanted to take the low road and just feel the addict Robert felt everything. And that's what caused him to use
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The only way to stop that reactionary Robert is to think in process. And that's what you did.
Robert Hammond: Right, does that, that kind of thing would have got me to use do start feeling more and more than I would have ended up drinking or something.
Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So you're doing the work. It's just a matter of recognizing that oh I didn't do that. I I tapped into my rational brain instead of taking the lower route in my brain, which just act solely on emotions and all it does is work in fight, flight, or freeze.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So when he said that, um,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What exactly after after he made that comment. What were the range of emotions that you went through in processing to get you to the point
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Oh,
Robert Hammond: Whatever versus like I like right off the bat, I got mad.
Robert Hammond: I felt like it was anger and I was like,
Robert Hammond: Oh no, I got the anger. And I started thinking about. I was like, Why do I keep thinking about it like
Robert Hammond: Because it kept on coming up in my head.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And then I started feeling like
Robert Hammond: Well, it's not anger than just like we can hurt.
And
Robert Hammond: We're going to get
Robert Hammond: And then I started thinking, why did you hurt my feelings, because I'm not even pretty bad anymore.
Robert Hammond: And even when I work like that. It didn't even bother me then.
Robert Hammond: So it's
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Going to hurt. Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: This is good work that you're doing. Robert, because you're getting curious about why you feel the way you feel. And if there's any any reason why she feeling
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And so carry this same process in the relationships that will be establish romantically personally and identifying, you know, okay, what I'm feeling here. Is this just me operating my emotions or is this really processing this want to take time.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: To be able to activate the higher road of the brain is to stop yourself and you're about to do yet initially
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And then process and then respond
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: To be you being more patient with yourself and not being reactionary, which I don't think will be difficult for you because
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I see you as like an attentive listener, comma, comma pauses and listens before just automatically speaking, you seem like you're already a processor a thinker. So this out. See this mean below a big stretch for you.
Robert Hammond: I know as I was all driven out two days. I started getting myself mad about somebody who actually owns me some stuff.
Robert Hammond: I let him borrow a video camera mine.
Robert Hammond: And then I let him borrow a phone on top of that.
Robert Hammond: And they ended up losing both of them.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Right.
Robert Hammond: Now, I was like, Okay, this is a bunch of crap. I was on I'm expecting this person pay me back and she hasn't done it yet.
Robert Hammond: And I was just thinking today. I was like getting myself while we're done.
Robert Hammond: Because I haven't heard from her nothing, and then
Robert Hammond: I told myself, I'm going to wait for a while.
Robert Hammond: Until after group, but I get older.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: After
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: We talked
Robert Hammond: And just by waiting
She's already texted me twice.
Robert Hammond: So,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: It's pretty cool. That
Robert Hammond: You know, I just took a moment they actually notified me or got a hold of me.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah.
Robert Hammond: So I would have
Robert Hammond: Reacted and I would overreact.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And if there's moments where you don't get the opportunity to activate the higher brain and overreact. Are you responsible for your reactions. It's not too late to you know what covered from
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: This is where the work comes in.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Coming back after the fact, asking for forgiveness. So, do what you need to do to make the conflict, you know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Be the you know reestablished
Robert Hammond: Right.
Robert Hammond: See that same person as install reminds me of a queen. She asked me about how to do that because she had blown up on somebody kicked him out of her car.
Robert Hammond: Made a walk and everything.
Robert Hammond: And she turned around and she was in the room.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Now people are asking you for advice.
Robert Hammond: Right, because I was like
Robert Hammond: Just go down with it on my way, you know, on your borders, but
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I said,
Robert Hammond: What did he tell them
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah yeah
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And you go
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Well, what would you like for future sessions and what, what would you like to discuss. We've talked about
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You know the trauma for the past briefly talked about
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Regain custody of your son. Discuss Relationships boundaries kind of navigate conflict, what's been most helpful for you.
Robert Hammond: Don't want to be like, I know I still wonder about like give us individually.
Robert Hammond: I know it still has an effect on me now.
Robert Hammond: I could almost like
Robert Hammond: Like I wanted or something or
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Attended
Robert Hammond: Like
Robert Hammond: I know it gets bored easy for me to be taken advantage of.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Some just being treated like shit.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah.
Robert Hammond: So it's going
To be
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Because I'm research has shown that people victims of childhood abuse or PTSD.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: They tend to repeat the cycle.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: They will keep experiences because subconsciously, they're hoping that they'll be able to
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Desert mastery or
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Finally, over the situation.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So it's like the movie that has all these different ending
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: They're hoping that eventually they'll get to that happy in the same setting.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And so what that looks like. Is what you said going to environments, that's not healthy, that you see the red flag and you get her all over again. But because of the trauma, you've experienced you've almost been conditioned
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: To repeat the same cycle because of consciously, you just want to exert mastery over what you couldn't control in the past.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And so the way to address that is to go back and research. Okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I had no control over being abused as a child, but now I'm an adult.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And what areas do I want control over.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What areas. Am I willing to release some of my control and what areas do I realize I have absolutely no control over the beginning
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Once you have those different domains in place your brain begins to reprocess what are safe and unsafe environment.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Because now it's not rerouting you back to the past.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That unhealthy relationship, you were in was kind of like you reclaim that childhood. Let me go back to
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: an abusive situation.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Because I can fix it. I can make it work. It doesn't have to be this bad
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But you saw the outcome.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So being present is really key and not you know you explore the past so you can learn about it, but the present day is where you activate all the tools so that you don't have to repeat the past
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And if you want. We could, we could talk about that the next session if it helps you for some patients. I've had them write letters to
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You know, whoever it was that abused them. There was an opportunity to just let it all out. And then we read the letter in the session in the process from there.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And then we work backwards.
When
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Whenever you find helpful. I know some people have felt the relief and being able to get all thoughts out on paper.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Before processing it and some people. They just want a short session and just a memory comes up, they just talk about it and go from there.
Robert Hammond: Alright, yeah, I've done that. That right one for
Robert Hammond: That actually
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: To go through that to a couple people before too.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Is that something you'd like to explore the next time we meet. Yeah.
Okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Let's do that.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So the next session.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: May 19
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, same time
Robert Hammond: All right.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: All right, I'll see you then.
Robert Hammond: Okay, take care.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You too. Bye.